hello guys and girls I'm javier 9 and today
I bring you here for a tutorial more in
the one that I'm going to teach how to make a
elevator with the command block
good what we are going to need is going to be
a block of commands
a bad buttons and posters material
of the command block is that only
you can find in the creative and you do not know
can do the survival but
Well this is for servers but neither
a server of a friend of yours and that for
go up look at that is the beginning and this
of the elevator that I carry here I say
plant one would have plant 1 plant 1
and I want to go back to the elevator by throwing him
the button we are already here and
We are on the 2nd floor although it does not look like
to the bugs
Believe it or not is a two look
three and four floors
and we are going to learn how this is done
well first let's do here a
kind of wall to put it up to the
buttons
and in what of command so that we
I carried
so it's worth
and a gap here let's do it here
two plants only worth to salt many
suspenders
but you can do it all
what do you want
we put here the command block that
I like it today but
and put in here what I touch
ok we cover it like that
we put here is button and button and here
we put for example first floor
and here second half
will eliminate as we then have the
just like this we are going to do one thing and
we change the button for the wooden
new or we change the block but I'm going
to change the block directly by one
what yesterday
it's worth the button now here behind
good as we still do not know the command
We will not have him difficult to
we want to do that I do and I go back
well in fact the good building is a
building yes I have done to the bad thing
I would mistake put some lips after another
Orchard program taught him how it is
give them a room and here behind is
the command block here what to
iron and here the button is ok and now and it's
the one below is there, it's worth button
iron
so we're going to put the command that
we want it to be worth it now it was taught
to put it
first we will have to know why this
command is going to be a teleportation if
this is this one here is the first
plant here we have to put bar pp
the name of the player in my case javier
9 and here you have to put the
this was that he taught him the most remedy
possible
for example here let's say the c3
And I feel
and we get that it's minus 496 I'm going to
aim less 496
and less 311
OK
and in the top up in the top one
it is this one does not come out
- 496 same
60s height and minus 311
it's worth waiting for all the pointed ones are
these
is here on the left of the screen x
and Z
not only until the coma
we removed it and we will leave
here
and we put it
this the first plant we put
javier to 9 and after that we put
directly script that follows at least
400 96 56 and minus 311
that's what is called more and here in the other
would be the second floor we do the same
pp javier 9
the
things of these that would be less 496
60 and less 300 years
and let's go to two
By then it was time now if
I give here to floor 16 brings us to the
plant 1
us that goes out here 495 the wrong one
if you go out
try to at least put it right since
put as much in the middle as possible
and now we go with the return that would be
put a block as a button and see the
that we have here the
statistics so to say that day
If I'm not mistaken but there fly
-488
and minus 321
okay so let's go to the two from outside
what would this be and why
pepe xabi gamer 9
- 488 56 and minus 321
and the same in the other
this the same here is worth
- 468 56 and minus 321
and read 2
and now let's go here we give vale first
plant and we are already on the first floor
we give the button and we come back here
second floor we go to the second floor
ok look, let's go to the second floor
we go to the button and we come back here it's worth
up to here the tutorial
If you have any questions leave me the comments
and I will try to solve them if it has served you
in like it 'favorites and goodbye